[docs] Recommended node versions for usage (#6744)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/contributing-ui.md

## Setup

> ### Node Version Recommendations
> We recommend to use LTS versions of node:
> Node 16 LTS: https://nodejs.org/download/release/v16.19.0/
> Node 18 LTS: https://nodejs.org/en/
> 
> Although, the script supports other node versions as well like node15 and node17, it is recommended to use node version above 15 and mainly the use of LTS versions like 16 and 18 is highly encouraged.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
### Node Version Recommendations 
We recommend to use LTS versions of node:

Node 16 LTS: https://nodejs.org/download/release/v16.19.0/ \
Node 18 LTS: https://nodejs.org/en/

Although, the script supports other node versions as well like node15 and node17, it is recommended to use node version above 15 and mainly the use of LTS versions like 16 and 18 is highly encouraged.

```

> We recommend to use LTS versions of node:
> Node 16 LTS: https://nodejs.org/download/release/v16.19.0/
> Node 18 LTS: https://nodejs.org/en/
> 
> Although, the script support other node versions as well like node15 and node17, but it is recommended to use node version above 15 and mainly the use of LTS versions like 16 and 18 is mostly recommended.

Author: ```suggestion
We recommend to use LTS versions of node:
Node 16 LTS: https://nodejs.org/download/release/v16.19.0/
Node 18 LTS: https://nodejs.org/en/

Although, the script supports other node versions as well like node15 and node17, it is recommended to use node version above 15 and mainly the use of LTS versions like 16 and 18 is highly encouraged.
```

## Setup

### Node Version Recommendations 
We recommend to use LTS versions of node:

> - Node 16 LTS: https://nodejs.org/download/release/v16.19.0/ \

Reviewer: Does Meshery support both? Let's reduce to one unless there is a requirement or old dependency that needs Node 16.

Author: Yes, it does both. because it does both, its written here. Workflow files use the node v16 for building the meshery-ui; and contributors/maintainers are using node18. nvmrc suggests node18 too.

before you question why node16 in ci, we have set the secret to 18.12.1, but still implicitly it uses node16, we haven't found the reason for this behaviour yet.

Reviewer: Use of Node 16 might very well be happening based on what specific GitHub Actions are using under the covers in our workflows.

> ### Node Version Recommendations 
> We recommend to use LTS versions of node:
> 
> Node 16 LTS: https://nodejs.org/download/release/v16.19.0/ \
> Node 18 LTS: https://nodejs.org/en/
> 
> Although, the script supports other node versions as well like node15 and node17, it is recommended to use node version above 15 and mainly the use of LTS versions like 16 and 18 is highly encouraged.

Author: ```suggestion
### Node Version Recommendations 
We recommend to use LTS versions of node:

- Node 16 LTS: https://nodejs.org/download/release/v16.19.0/ \
- Node 18 LTS: https://nodejs.org/en/

Although, the script supports other node versions as well like node15 and node17, it is recommended to use node version above 15 and mainly the use of LTS versions like 16 and 18 is highly encouraged.
```

> Although, the script supports other node versions as well like node15 and node17, it is recommended to use node version above 15 and mainly the use of LTS versions like 16 and 18 is highly encouraged.

Author: ```suggestion
Although, the script supports other node versions as well like node15 and node17, it is recommended to use node version above 15 and mainly the use of node LTS v18 is highly encouraged.
```

Reviewer 2: How about this?
The script supports other node versions as well, including node15 and node17, but is recommended to use node versions above 15 and especially node LTS v18.

Author: ```suggestion
The script supports other node versions as well, including node15 and node17, but is recommended to use node versions above 15 and especially node LTS v18.
```
